Living Situation Who referred you to services? self-referral Tell me a bit about why you decided to our services? Crystal reports she likes participating in services at Purpose Recovery and that these activities are things she enjoys. She reports that her main barrier to progress is lack of stable housing. Where are you currently living? (Is this the same or different than their current location?) Crystal reports she is currently living in a motel and identifies as homeless. With whom are you living? Crystal reports she is staying in the motel with her husband. Substance Use Information Check if NO history of substance use Substance of choice (1): Substance: Age of first use: methamphetamine Age of first use: 48 In general, how much were you using? daily use at peak How often were you using? daily use at peak At any point of your use did you develop a tolerance? yes What was the method of use (smoking, injecting, nasal, etc.)? nasal What was the date of last use? December 2025 How many days in the last 30 days did you use? 0 What is your most recent pattern of use and how long has this pattern been occurring? Crystal reports she has been abstinent from methamphetamine for approximately 5 months. Did you notice any behavioral changes in yourself when using this substance? Crystal reports that during her methamphetamine use, she became increasingly socially withdrawn, avoided others, and experienced fear of going outside or being around people. What were the consequences to using this substance? (Impacts on relationships/employment/health- physical or mental/legal problems) Crystal reports consequences including incarceration, loss of housing, loss of her apartment, and strained family relationships. She also reports leaving her home due to abuse. Do you see your use of this substance as a problem? X Yes No Have you tried to quit using this substance in the past? X Yes No How long were you sober? Crystal reports her current period of sobriety is approximately 5 months


Living Situation Who referred you to services? self-referral Tell me a bit about why you decided to our services? David reports he is in the process of filing for disability and is seeking support and stability during this period. Where are you currently living? (Is this the same or different than their current location?) 4D Recovery With whom are you living? Other residents at 4D Recovery Substance Use Information Check if NO history of substance use Substance of choice (1): Substance: Age of first use: fentanyl Age of first use: 43 In general, how much were you using? daily use at peak How often were you using? daily use at peak At any point of your use did you develop a tolerance? yes What was the method of use (smoking, injecting, nasal, etc.)? smoking What was the date of last use? January 7th, 2026 How many days in the last 30 days did you use? 0 What is your most recent pattern of use and how long has this pattern been occurring? David reports his most recent pattern was daily use of smoked fentanyl, which persisted for approximately ten years. Did you notice any behavioral changes in yourself when using this substance? yes What were the consequences to using this substance? (Impacts on relationships/employment/health- physical or mental/legal problems) David reports consequences included filing for disability, indicating health and functional impairment. He also reports three to four arrests, suggesting legal consequences. Do you see your use of this substance as a problem? X Yes No Have you tried to quit using this substance in the past? X Yes No How long were you sober? David reports his longest period of sobriety was four to five months.